README.md, before:

# hassio-addons [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/fredrikbaberg/hassio-addons.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/fredrikbaberg/hassio-addons)

Intended home for hassio addons, if time allows.

## OctoPrint ![Docker Image Version (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fredrikbaberg/octoprint-amd64-image?sort=semver)

Plugin to run OctoPrint as an addon in Home Assistant.


Please report issues here, or through the following [thread](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/repository-octoprint/22883).


## OctoPrint dev ![Docker Image Version (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fredrikbaberg/octoprint-dev-amd64-image?sort=semver)

Plugin to run OctoPrint as an addon in Home Assistant, Dev version


Please report issues here, or through the following [thread](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/repository-octoprint/22883).


## iPerf3 ![Docker Image Version (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fredrikbaberg/iperf3-amd64-image?sort=semver)

iPerf3 server

## mjpg-streamer ![Docker Image Version (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fredrikbaberg/mjpg-streamer-amd64-image?sort=semver)

mjpg-streamer

## tsd ![Docker Image Version (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fredrikbaberg/tsd-amd64-image?sort=semver)

tsd

Commit message:

Update to ustreamer (#145)
* Update ustreamer version and image name

README.md, after:

# hassio-addons [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/fredrikbaberg/hassio-addons.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/fredrikbaberg/hassio-addons)

Intended home for hassio addons, if time allows.

## OctoPrint ![Docker Image Version (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fredrikbaberg/octoprint-amd64-image?sort=semver)

Plugin to run OctoPrint as an addon in Home Assistant.


Please report issues here, or through the following [thread](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/repository-octoprint/22883).


## OctoPrint dev ![Docker Image Version (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fredrikbaberg/octoprint-dev-amd64-image?sort=semver)

Plugin to run OctoPrint as an addon in Home Assistant, Dev version


Please report issues here, or through the following [thread](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/repository-octoprint/22883).


## iPerf3 ![Docker Image Version (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fredrikbaberg/iperf3-amd64-image?sort=semver)

iPerf3 server

## mjpg-streamer ![Docker Image Version (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fredrikbaberg/mjpg-streamer-amd64-image?sort=semver)

mjpg-streamer

## ustreamer ![Docker Image Version (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fredrikbaberg/addon-ustreamer-amd64?sort=semver)

Addon for ustreamer, to stream camera to e.g. OctoPrint.

## tsd ![Docker Image Version (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fredrikbaberg/tsd-amd64-image?sort=semver)

tsd
